r not odd
Follow
3 will
The Sendai International Half Marathon will be held today .
May 12, 2013
The Sendai International Half Marathon was held at Sendai City Athletics Stadium.
As a running event representing Morinomiya-gu
Many participants from not only the local but also from home and abroad gathered
So many people came to run
I want to make it a really good tournament, so I will do my best, and I want to do my best with you
I'm sorry
We wish best regards
Participation of citizen landers was also possible from last year
Large marathon event
The biggest event ever
14402 entries
Since I ran last year , I want to run at a better time than last year
I would like everyone to go and slowly enjoy between the green
Also invited as a special invited player
Public employee runner Yuuki Kawauchi and
Olympic gold medalist Takahashi Naoko also participated
Add flowers to the green competition
Among players who participate in such a hug place
I would like to introduce one person
Enter thank you
It says that producing countries three laps Tsubakichi's
I am running a marathon race around the world despite being an active pro wrestler
I am also an athlete
He rushed from Southeast Tokyo this time to enliven Sendai
I would like to do something for the ship
Sendai
Well Well Yes it Ganbare you I want to have more in this world
I think this time
I prepared something like
I think that I can not eat
There are pb c weapons that got their life and now there are 7 people
We are cheering a lot of the future from the Onikichi-kun
With the Tohoku revival calendar
Sendai Shiro of the hit Heisei introduces Sendai in a lap
Sendai style promotion vtr flows
What is disgusting N charm of Sendai while the marathon
Let's appeal to everyone along the road
me
ni
Hmm
Ichijoin election Yes, it's good to really time I increase the half-place a little off
Can be fun
Thank you
The marathon course started the Sendai City Athletics Stadium
Aiyoshi Aoba through Hirosegawa
Courses full-length full of fresh green that went with Jozenji communication
21.0975km It is a rockfish
From the beginning , players from Kenya started the start dash and then
Race development that the second group ahead of Kawachi chase
Then citizen runners demonstrate result of everyday practice
Run through the green with a whistle
Good luck
k yeah
Warm encouragement from all who are in the roadside had been sent to the hard driving performance
It is also possible to see the top runner's neurosis and the citizen runner's exclusive running together
It is the power of the Sendai International Half Marathon
I only have a half marathon and finish in about an hour
bd is a race development
Dash shows that Kenya's skirmish player is Noguchi for gold medalist at the Athens Olympics
Mizuki won the championship
Thank you for the correct answer agency
Wow girls Zuchi specific to
Attention public employee runner Yuuki Kawachi is in the result of 10th place
I did not reach the podium I was aiming for, but after Ace
We had each other celebrate the good fight of each other in Doguchi players and Tomo
Citizen runners also finish in one after another
What kind of thoughts did you have through Sendai this year's event, which continues to move toward the future?
Is not it
There is no influence of the Buber earthquake disaster nor ir page red tin Oo
There was a thought that I would like to enliven more , so it would be Oguri reopened and more
I think it was good
Three laps of a professional wrestler who ran for me while doing a pr in Sendai also commented with Go
Candid your impressions now that fully run was or was ok Zamashi ｰｰｰ
Did that reaction t towards the roadside Toka those of most runners feel I try to thank you ne
I was not happy I was happy to hear about the bus haha I was happy and also everyone
To
It looks like this, but I thought it would be good if I was given power and a smile, and conversely to everyone
Courage, I have thanks really felt I got the power
I was there early Thank Was morning Thank you Yes unpleasant sound source
Tuesday English Name Will Come Again
Sendai International half marathon event with great success
Runners gathered from all over the country
An spectator who supports Motoaki Naa
Any of which gave me the hope and the city b mountain road of Sendai
We will continue to hold a marathon in Kyoto
It will be a big driving force for reconstruction